README.md, before:

# Torch-F1

### Q: What's TorchF1? What is the package for?

F1 is a shortcut for the help. TorchF1 is a simple API to get various info for your PyTorch-based network class.

When you have a new network class in mind, you can apply a dry run on it using the package, and have a basic understanding on the network without deal with all the details on data loader, training details, etc. 

Also, when you plan to do model pruning etc, or deploy model in the edge devices, or you are curious on a specific layer or substructure, you could use it to test the inference time under different hardware platform without leaking the actual weight info. 

The package fixed many potential issues in the 

**It is mainly used for personal dev work**

----
## User Guide

### Pre-requisites

- Python 3.6+
- (Recommended) A virtualenv setup for your project

### Features
- [ ] will try to address and fix the potential issues on some popular code snippets
- [ ] dry run in the cpu mode 
- [ ] one line to prune to make the network to be smaller to fit into the GPU memory

### Installing
Currently, it is still under dev. 

<TODO> => will support pip and conda shortly.

### Examples
After installing the package, check more details on the `examples` folders

Commit message:

update issue link at readme

README.md, after:

# Torch-F1

### Q: What's TorchF1? What is the package for?

F1 is a shortcut for the help. TorchF1 is a simple API to get various info for your PyTorch-based network class.

When you have a new network class in mind, you can apply a dry run on it using the package, and have a basic understanding on the network without deal with all the details on data loader, training details, etc. 

Also, when you plan to do model pruning etc, or deploy model in the edge devices, or you are curious on a specific layer or substructure, you could use it to test the inference time under different hardware platform without leaking the actual weight info. 

The package fixed many potential issues in the 

**It is mainly used for personal dev work.**

----
## User Guide

### Pre-requisites

- Python 3.6+
- (Recommended) A virtualenv setup for your project

### Features
- [ ] will try to address and fix the potential issues on some popular code snippets
- [ ] dry run in the cpu mode 
- [ ] one line to prune to make the network to be smaller to fit into the GPU memory

### Installing
Currently, it is still under dev. 

<TODO> => will support pip and conda shortly.

### Examples
Examples can be found in the [examples](examples) folder.

### Reporting issues

Issue tracker: https://github.com/longw010/PyTorch-F1/issues
